Will arrest Badals after becoming CM Captain
Talwandi Sabo (Bathinda): Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Capt Amarinder Singh today appealed to the Supreme Court judges to look into the ground realities and assess the water availability in Punjab’s rivers before pronouncing their judgement on the SYL issue.
He said, the judges must take into consideration the riparian principles followed world over in deciding the water claims and rights. “The judgement must be based on the universally accepted Riparian Principles practised world over”, he remarked.
The PCC president also announced that the Congress government will enact a special law that will protect the farmers from resorting to desperate steps like suicides due to debts. Their lands will be protected and these will not be auctioned, no matter how much money they owe.
Addressing a mammoth public rally organised on the occasion of Baisakhi here today, Capt Amarinder also announced that in the event of any adverse judgement against Punjab on the SYL, he will resign from the parliament and fight the Punjabis battle for saving their water on the roads.
Asserting that the ground realities had changed since 1950s and the water levels had come down, he said, while in 1955 the total availability of water in Punjab’s rivers was 15.8 MAF(Million Acre Feet), it has come down to 13 MAF now. “Punjab is itself water deficient how can it afford water for others?” he asked, adding if the SYL is ever constructed and allowed to take water from Punjab to Haryana the entire Malwa bet will go dry and barren.
The PCC president lashed out at the Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal for playing politics on the issue. He asked as why did Mr Badal delay getting the Governor’s assent that provided crucial time to the Haryana government to approach the Supreme Court that ordered the status quo.
He also criticised the Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal for his double standards on the matter pointing out how he changed his stand within a span of single day by saying in Punjab in the morning that it could not spare a drop of water and later in the evening after reaching Delhi he said, all the states including Haryana had right over the Punjab’s water.
The former Chief Minister reiterated his commitment to eradicate the scourge of drugs, corruption, unemployment and also cancel all the FIRs against the Congress workers by the Akalis.
He appealed to the farmers, particularly those reeling under debt to wait for nine months more and the Congress government will ensure that their debts are settled and they do not have to resort to desperate steps. “I guarantee you today that your lands will be protected and I will make a law in the assembly no matter how much debt you owe”, he said.
Speaking on the occasion the party General Secretary and incharge Punjab, Shakeel Ahmed asked Punjabis to beware of those who were playing politics over everything even the martyrs. He said, only Congress can provide a good government in Punjab.
Addressing the rally, senior party leader and former Chief Minister Ms Rajinder Kaur Bhattal congratulated the partymen for organising such a mammoth and record breaking show. She said, there was no doubt anymore that the Congress under the leadership of Capt Amarinder Singh was certain to form next government in the state.
Congress general secretary and Campaign Committee Chairperson Ms Ambika Soni, Congress Legislative Party leader Charanjit Singh Channi, former CLP leader Sunil Jakhar, senior party leader Manpreet Singh Badal, Indian Youth Congress president Raja Warring and PYC president Amarpreet Laly also spoke on the occasion.
All the MLAs, MPs including Santokh Chaudhary and Ravneet Bittu, senior party leaders were present on the occasion
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/14/2295

Army Man attempted to molest a college girl
Kupwara: Massive protests erupted in Handwara town of north Kashmir on Tuesday against army after an unidentified trooper belonging to 21 Rashtriya Riffles allegedly attempted to molest a local college girl in a public lavatory.
Assembled at Handwara square near army bunker, hundreds of protesters chanting anti army and anti India slogans, demanded immediate identification, arrest and action against the accused trooper.
Police fired some gun shots in air to quell the protests; however the protesters as per the eyewitnesses were adamant to their demand.
Courtesy:http://risingkashmir.co/
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/12/2268

Man  attacks  Akali MLA Pargat Singh breaks finger
An intoxicated man allegedly assaulted former Indian hockey skipper Pargat Singh after a quarrel over parking in Chandigarh’s Sector 9 area recently.
Pargat, who is also the sitting Akali Dal MLA from Jalandhar Cantonment, had to be hospitalised after his finger was fractured in the incident – which occurred on Tuesday night.
Police said Kamaljeet Singh, a 26-year-old resident of Sector 22, was arrested and later released on bail. His vehicle, a Toyota Innova, has been impounded.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/07/2151

Pratyusha Banerjee suicide case  Shocking revelations
Pratyusha Banerjee committed suicide last Friday. But the reason behind her death is still not confirmed. While some are speculating her troubled love life drove her to take this extreme step, few think it’s her financial instability and bankruptcy which took her life.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/05/2112

Qandeel Baloch urges Virat Kohli to leave Anushka Sharma
Virat Kohli, main tumhare piche paagal hoon, leave Anushka Sharma for me: Qandeel Baloch
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/05/2113

Majithia involved in drugs AAP
Three smugglers have accused Punjab Revenue Minister Bikram Singh Majitihia of being involved in smuggling drugs in the state in their statements made before the Enforcement Directorate, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) national spokesman Ashish Khetan claimed on Wednesday.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/03/30/2038

Yuvraj out of World T20  Manish Pandey takes his place
Yuvraj Singh, who injured his foot during a match, will now have to quit the World T20 cup and will be replaced by Manish Pandey in the Indian cricket team.
In a setback to India before their semifinal clash against the West Indies, all-rounder Yuvraj Singh was ruled out of the ongoing World Twenty20 due to an ankle injury on Wednesday.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/03/30/2043

WhatsApp WAR between Punjab Leaders
After a war of wits during the budget session, it’s time for a WhatsApp war between the ruling and opposition MLAs in Punjab. From inside the assembly, a video of Congress legislature party (CLP) leader Charanjit Singh Channi answering questions posed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, and another one of Indian Youth Congress president Amrinder Singh Raja Warring repeatedly saying sorry to Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) MLA Virsa Singh Valtoha, have gone viral on the messaging app, despite no television channels being allowed to cover the House proceedings.
An embarrassed Congress is claiming that the clips are tampered with, and also accusing the speaker, Charanjit Singh Atwal, of being behind the shoot-and-leak. “The speaker has leaked the videos in connivance with the government. They have been tampered with in a studio,” Channi says, adding, “Our supporters are also now circulating videos on what we said in the assembly.” He expressed ignorance as to how the and who recorded the videos.
In the first video, Sukhbir is seen trumpeting his government’s achievements and prompting Channi to list any significant project that the previous Congress government (2002-07) under Captain Amarinder Singh had started, to which Channi replies, “Bhakra Dam.” Sukhbir then pointedly asks Channi to tell him what the Amarinder government had done. To this, Channi says, “Patchwork on all roads of Punjab,” and so it goes on
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/03/24/1890

SYL canal  Anil Vij vs  Kejriwal
Delhi chief minister and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) convener Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday said he was against the construction of Sutlej-Yamuna Link (SYL) Canal as the Punjab does not have enough water to share with other states.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/03/16/1749

Jail superintendents MMS with girl  goes viral
MMS of Kishanganj Jail Superintendent Molesting Minor Girl Goes Viral
A video showing Kishanganj jail superintendent, Kripa Shankar Pandey, molesting a young girl went viral on social media sites. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/03/16/1743

Indian student found dead in London
A 34-year-old man hailing from Hyderabad has been found dead under mysterious circumstances in London. The person has been identified as Mir Baqar Rizvi. Taqi Haider, the victim’s brother-in-law, said that Rizvi went to the United Kingdom in 2009 on an education visa.
“Three years ago, he had an accident in which he got seriously injured. After getting treated there, he came to India for around 45 days in 2014. After that he went back. He had a case filed against him in a UK court which he won,” Haider told ANI.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2369

Mystery foam after earthquake strikes Japan
A strange sea of bubbles filled streets in a southern Japanese city in the early hours of Saturday morning, after an earthquake and several aftershocks rattled the south of the country.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2328

Huge 71 Earthquake Rocks Japan Triggering Tsunami Warnings
TOKYO—A strong earthquake hit Japan’s southern island of Kyushu early on Saturday, in the same region that was struck by a temblor that killed nine people 28 hours earlier.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2326

Australia rejects student visa cites PSEB qualification
The Australian department of immigration and border protection has started refusing study visa applications of Indian students who have done their Class XII from a school affiliated to the Punjab School Education Board.
In a rejection letter sent to an Indian student who had applied for a “vocational education and training sector (subclass 572) visa”, the department has said that “education and examinations conducted through the PSEB are not listed as equivalent to an Australian Grade 12 qualification under the Australian Education International – National Office of Overseas Skills Recognition Guidelines (AEI-NOOSR)”.
Though The Times of India has withheld the boy’s name, it is in possession of the letter sent by a visa officer of the department who is posted at the Australian high commission in New Delhi. “As such, I am not satisfied that your current educational background is that you have completed the equivalent of an Australia Grade 12 qualification,” the letter reads further.
It may be mentioned here that there is lot of craze among Indian students to go to Australia on the basis of student visa. “Though applications by students for studying in Australia have been rejected in the past also on different grounds, but citing this reason is completely new,” said Sukant Trivedi, who runs a travel advisory firm in Jalandhar with special focus on student visas for Australia. “There have been several rejections on this ground in the last couple of days,” he added.
video: ABP Sanjha
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/11/2245

Ukraine 2 Indian students murdered
Two Indian students at a medical college in Ukraine were stabbed to death while another sustained injuries in the attack.
Those who died in the Sunday attack allegedly carried out by three Ukrainian nationals have been identified as Pranav Shaindilya from Muzaffarnagar and Ankur Singh from Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/11/2241

Akhand Path in Canadian Parliament  Video Message by PM  Justin Trudeau
Vaisakhi celebrations : Sri Akhand Path Sahib  in Canadian Parliament
Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal  expressed gratitude to the Canadian Parliament for “organizing Akhand Path of Sri Guru Granth Sahib ji and Kirtan Darbar in the House of Commons Building” on April 11 as part of the Vaisakhi celebrations for this year.
A press statement emailed to The VOICE said that in a letter to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Badal noted that this was “the first time in the history of the Canadian Parliament that the celebrations of the Birth of the Khalsa would be observed at such an impressive scale and magnitude.”
The letter said: “I am happy to learn too that the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) is sending Chandor / Chandani and a set of Rumalas which have been placed on Sri Guru Granth Sahib ji  in Harmandar Sahib. It is indeed a matter of great satisfaction that these sacred articles would be preserved in the archives of the Canadian Parliament for future occasions also.”
Badal said that he was greatly moved by the devotion and dedication displayed in this regard by the Sikh members of the Canadian Parliament, “especially the  spirit of selfless service  displayed by Sardar Randeep Singh Sarai from Surrey Centre,” for making this historic event a reality. He added: “It was indeed a proud moment for the entire Sikh community and our brethren in Canada, who deserved our special thanks and felicitations for this.”
The statement said that Badal also “placed on record the gratitude to the great Canadian nation, especially the present Government and Members of Parliament of Canada personally on behalf of the Punjab Government and Punjabis for making this possible.”
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/09/2220

Singer dies after being bitten by a cobra while performing
A pop star who kept on singing for an astonishing 45 minutes after she was bitten mid-performance by a cobra has collapsed and died onstage.
Irma Bule was known for wearing snakes during her acts, but the king cobra which she danced with on Sunday had not been defanged.
The tragic 29-year-old was performing in a village in Karawang, West Java, in her native Indonesia when the incident happened.
After her first song, she accidentally stood on the cobra, called Rianti.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/07/2169

Akshay Kumar detained at Heathrow Airport
After Akshay Kumar arrived in London, United Kingdom Wednesday, he was detained by the Heathrow Airport officials. The superstar’s passport was missing a visa stamp.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/07/2161

Visa Fraud Case Hundreds of Indian students suffer deportation
A fresh case of US visa denial has come into light, where around 10 people from India have been arrested in a visa fraud case. The accused have been charged with Visa Fraud for making false statements. The persons involved in the Visa Fraud Case allegedly contacted a Fake University in New Jersey in order to provide certificates for students legally studying and working in the US. The authorities are reportedly planning to deport hundreds of Indian students in this case.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/07/2156

48000 students wrongly deported from the UK
Given on March 23 by the U.K.’s Upper Tribunal (Immigration and Asylum Chamber), it was a damning ruling for the Home Office and its Secretary Theresa May. The Tribunal rejected her department’s deportation of 48,000 students. It found that cheating by students taking an English language proficiency test in one centre was falsely used to implicate students taking the test in all centres.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/05/2135

Qandeel Baloch Returns LOL
Nobody knows what Pakistani social media entertainer Qandeel Baloch wants  to do, but with her tactics one thing is clear that she intends to grab all the attention, and whatever she has placed so far to fulfill her goals are working in her favor.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/12/2266

Qandeel Balochs special dance for Team India
Pakistani model and television actor Qandeel Baloch who is famous for controversial statements is once again in the news. After slamming Pakistan T20 World Cup captain Shahid Afridi and Co for losing crucial match against India, Baloch has now performed an item number for her admirers across the border. Model has also shared the video on her Facebook account. In the video, she was seen performing dance steps in bikni. Reportedly, model did dancing steps on the request of several Indian fans.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/03/21/1852

Sunny Deol Speaks up about Shahrukh Khan
Bollywood Actor Sunny Deol talk about  on Shahrukh Khan in Aap Ki Adalat. Watch the video , what Sunny Deol said about King Khan Sharukh Khan about controversy erupted after the movie Darr with Juhi Chawla under Yashraj Banner. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/01/29/917

Putt Paal Ke  Kanwar Grewal
Punjabi Sufi Singer Kanwal Grewal has released new song Dudha naal Putt Paal ke. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/01/02/505

Caught on Camera Firing in wedding function Groom injured
Groom gets injured by a gun fire during a wedding function at Morena, Madhya Pardesh. Groom’s condition is critical.Celebratory firing at an engagement function in Esah village under Dimini police station area of Morena district on Sunday night, resulted in injuries to four persons, including the would be groom.
While the critically hurt would be groom Dolbi Singh Tomar (21) was referred to Agra for life-saving treatment, three others Rinku Tomar, Mansingh Tomar and priest Mata Prasad have been hospitalized in Morena.
Police have lodged a case of attempted murder against unidentified accused and are scanning video footage of the function to identify the accused.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2367

Firing At Ravindera Jadejas Wedding  Gujarat DGPs  Controversial statement
Downplaying the celebratory firing at cricketer Ravinder Jadeja’s wedding in Rajkot on Sunday, Gujarat DGP PP Pandey has said in Utttar Pradesh, from where he hails, at least 100 rounds are shot during weddings normally.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2363

Kohinoor Not Stolen Let UK Keep It  Modi Government
 India should not try to reclaim the famous Kohinoor diamond as it was neither stolen nor forcibly taken, the government said today. That stand, the Supreme Court has warned, could mean “you will face a problem in the future for making any legitimate claim” to the 105-carat diamond.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2359

Sushma Swarajs Islamic Dress in Iran angers Hindus
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday assured the Indian community in Iran that their problems and grievances would be taken up with the Iranian authorities and complemented their contribution to the oil-rich Persian Gulf nation.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2353

Girl injured during firing at a wedding function
A girl was critically injured in celebratory firing during a wedding ceremony in Outer Delhi’s Mongolpuri area on Saturday night.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2351

Murthal Gangrape Key Witness Bobby Joshi Attacked
 In a major development in Murthal gangrapes case during Jat agitation, key witness Bobby Joshi has claimed that he was attacked by two unidentified persons on Sunday night.The alleged attack on the key witness of Murthal gangrapes took place on National Highway – 1, while he drove enroute to Delhi from Ludhiana, a report published in Tribune said.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2347

Handwara eveteasing Mother says Police pressurised girl to give video statement
The family of the girl, whose alleged harassment led to a spate of violence in Kashmir, on Saturday claimed that she was pressurised into giving a video statement denying she was molested and has approached court seeking an independent probe into the incident. “My girl is just 16 years old and was alone in the police station when her statement was recorded. She was pressurised by police to give that statement,” her mother claimed. A civil society group scheduled a press conference in Srinagar for the family but it was not allowed by police. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/17/2345

Shocking Reality of Murthal Gangrape
Bobby Joshi, the complainant in the Murthal gang-rape case, has alleged that he received a call threatening him of dire consequences for “speaking too much” on the matter.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2342

In droughthit Latur 10000 litres water used for ministers helipad
State relief and rehabilitation minister Eknath Khadse landed himself in a controversy following reports that 10,000 litres of water was used for making a temporary helipad for his Latur visit. Khadse, who visited Latur to take stock of the drought situation there, said that he was not aware of the 10,000 litres of water being used for the helipad. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2336

Master of Bargaining Priyanka Gandhi
Questions have started rising on the house abatement in the house rent for Priyanka Gandhi. In 2003, she had bargained with the government over the house rent.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2338

White caps are like whitefly Harsimrat
SAD leader and Union minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal on Sunday attacked the Aam Aadmi Party, saying that people wearing “white caps” were more dangerous than the whitefly pest that had destroyed swathes of cotton crop last year.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2365

Harsimrat Badal challenges Rahul Gandhi
Chandigarh: Union food processing minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal today asked Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi why he had developed cold feet and refused to support Punjab’s stand on the SYL canal even though the State unit of his party had supported the bill withdrawing the land acquisition order for the canal besides passing a resolution not to allow construction of the SYL canal.
In a statement here, Mrs Badal said it was unfortunate that the Congress VP had offered the lame excuse that he could not react on the matter because it was sub judice when no bar had been put by the apex court on speaking on the issue. She said Rahul Gandhi’s refusal to speak up and be counted on the side of Punjabi farmers had negated the support extended to this issue by the Punjab Congress.
Mrs Badal said the real reason why Rahul Gandhi had not spoken up in favour of the Punjab peasantry was because of the constant dual policy followed by the Congress high command. “The party takes one stand in Punjab and the other in Haryana. Since Rahul was in Chandigarh, the joint capital of both States, he chose to clam up rather than be exposed”, she added.
The akali leader however said Rahul would well remember that sometimes silence could also be “criminal”. She said by remaining silent the Congress VP was giving the impression that he did not want to reverse the injustice meted out to Punjab on the river waters front and that he even supported the anti-Punjab steps taken on this issue under the leadership of his grandmother Indira Gandhi. “Rahul should know that his grand-mother gave birth to the SYL canal by forcing the then Congress chief minister of Punjab to sign off half of the State’s waters to Haryana after the reorganisation of Punjab in 1966. She even came to Kapoori in 1982 to inaugurate the construction of the canal. All this is not sub-judice. Rahul could have at least atoned for the discrimination meted out to the State by his grandmother and assured Punjabis that he would support them in getting justice now”.
Stating that if Rahul did not come clean even now on this issue which had the potential to turn vast swathes of land into a desert, he would stand exposed forever. “It will be recorded that you came to Punjab but refused to support Punjabis in their fight to protect their river waters”, she added.
Meanwhile Mrs Badal also asked AAP to file a clear straight forward affidavit supporting Punjab on the SYL canal in the Supreme Court tomorrow when the matter comes up for hearing. She said if the AAP Delhi government failed to do this its chief minister Arvind Kejriwal would also stand thoroughly exposed.
The Union minister said in direct contrast to the anti-Punjab actions of both Rahul Gandhi and Arvind Kejriwal, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had taken a clear stand that his government would not allow construction of the SYL canal at any cost. She said while the entire peasantry of the State had welcomed this stand it was condemnable that both Rahul Gandhi and Arvind Kejriwal were not heeding the voice of the people and continuing to play politics on this sensitive matter.
Urging Punjabis to shun such leaders who could not express solidarity with them at such a crucial juncture in the history of the State, Mrs Badal said the people should realise how both the Congress and AAP were supporting the interests of Haryana. She said in direct contrast chief minister Parkash Singh Badal was fighting a battle to protect the interests of Punjabis. “Please recognise who are your own and support them”, she added
video: PTC news
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2361

What Rajinder Kaur Bhattal says on AAP Leaders
Congress leader and former chief minister of Punjab Rajinder Kaur Bhattal’s controversial statement against AAP leaders sparks controversy. Rajinder Kaur Bhattal called Bhayiya to Sanjay Singh and other AAP leaders. Bhagwant Mann hits back and asks Bhattal who is Shakil Ahmed and from where he came. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2349

Newborn girl found dumped in toilet
SAS Nagar : Barely five hours after her birth, she was found wrapped in a cloth, packed in a plastic bag, dumped in the public toilet at a park in Phase 3 in SAS Nagar on a hot Friday afternoon.
But the baby girl found many mothers in the nurses at the Phase-6 government hospital where the police took her. Some have named her ‘Pari’, a fairy, and some call her ‘Sweety’.
The police are trying to trace her parents, while authorities at the hospital say the child is healthy. She was, in fact, given her first feed at the hospital by the staff.
It was around 12.45pm that Mathuri Lal, entrusted with upkeep of the toilet, found her.
“I was working nearby when I heard cries of a child; when I moved towards it I only saw a plastic bag in the women’s toilet. Inside it, was the child wrapped in a bedsheet,” he said.
Lal immediately informed some people in the park who called the police.During check-up, doctors found that she had been born four to five hours prior to have been found.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2340

Killers of Mata Chand Kaur will not be spared  Sukhbir Badal
Ludhiana:  Punjab Deputy CM Mr Sukhbir Singh Badal today deeply mourned the demise of Mata Chand Kaur, wife of Satguru Jagjit Singh. During his visit to Shri Bhaini Sahib today, Mr Sukhbir Singh Badal called upon the bereaved family and Satguru Uday Singh, head of Namdhari sect. He also prayed to the almighty to grant eternal peace to the departed soul and give strength to them to bear this huge loss in this hour of crisis.
While speaking to media persons on the occasion, Mr Sukhbir Singh Badal said that the murder of Mata Chand Kaur was a cowardly act and her killers would not be spared. He said that the Special Investigation Team (SIT) would soon arrest the killers.
Prominent among those who accompanied Mr Sukhbir Singh Badal included Irrigation Minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon, Rural Development & Panchayat minister Mr Sikandar Singh Maluka, DGP Mr Suresh Arora, CM’s advisor Mahesh Inder Singh Grewal, MLA Ranjit Singh Dhillon, MLA Darshan Singh Shivalik, Punjab SSS Board chairman Santa Singh Umedpuri, Police Commissioner Mr Jatinder Singh Aulakh, Deputy Commissioner Mr Ravi Bhagat, Punjab Dalit Vikas Board chairman Mr Vijay Danav, Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria, senior Akali leader Mr Dyal Singh Kolianwali, besides several others
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2334

Drop false cases registered against protesting linemen AAP
Chandigarh: Aam Aadmi Party today demanded to withdraw the vendetta cases registered by Bathinda police against the linemen for agitating at the SAD rally on Baisakhi on Wednesday. AAP also criticized the police for abusing the protester in the presence of senior officers and tearing their turbans.
Demanding strict action against the police officers who were involved in the barbaric act, AAP Punjab Convener, Sucha Singh Chhotepur said, “The police of so called ‘Panthic Government’ is thrashing people for demanding jobs on the day of Baisakhi, Badal used to compare himself with Maharaja Ranjit Singh but he is Aurangzeb in real sense.” “Is demanding job a crime in ‘Badal Raaj’?” asked Chhotepur.
“Women were beaten up and an year old child Jashandeep and 5 year old Sehajdeep had to spent night in the police custody. Harsimrat talk a lot about Nanhi Chhaan on television, why has she not uttered a single word in this regard?” asked AAP women wing Chief, Prof. Baljinder Kaur.
“Human Right Commission should intervene in the matter of putting minor children in the police custody that too without committing any offence.” demanded Baljinder Kaur
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2332

Akali Dal Longowal  to merge with Congress
The Akali splinter group Shiromani Akali Dal (Longowal) headed by Surjit Singh Barnala’s wife is all set to merge with the Congress.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/16/2322

Sikh saves drowning man with turban
A Sikh man, displaying an example of heart-warming humanity and unusual courage, set aside religious protocol to save a drowning man with his turban.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/15/2318

Grain vanishes from Punjab godowns
A shocking report published by Indian Newspaper Economic times in which it disclosed ‘Food Scandal’ of Badal Govt. Economic Times stated that
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/15/2320

Crorepati Punjab Police officers
Mohali: Indian Newspaper Times of India has published a report on Punjab Police officers assests. Times of India reported :
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/15/2312

Nobody attended Meeting Called by Giani Gurbachan Singh
According to ABP Sanjha, Noboday has attended the meeting called by Giani Gurbachan Singh who was removed by Sarbat Khalsa on Nov10,2015 as Jathedar of Akal Takht Sahib. No one from SGPC arrived in meeting. Differences between   Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) and Giani Gurbachan Singh can be revealed and seen clearly from this incident.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/18/2357

Sarbat Khalsa on Nov 10 2016
Various Sikh organisations today announced to hold second Sarbat Khalsa, this time again on November 10, at Takht Sri Damdama Sahib here. The announcement was made by various Sikh leaders jointly at their political conference on the occasion of Baisakhi here.
SAD (Amritsar) president Simranjit Singh Mann, Panthic Sewa Lehar president Baljit Singh Daduwal and United Akali Dal president Bhai Mokham Singh were among those who addressed the gathering.
rozana pehredar
Daduwal, who was appointed “jathedar” of Takht Sri Damdama Sahib by Sarbat Khalsa, said: “It has been decided to constitute a committee comprising 150 Sikhs from India and an equal number from abroad for organising the congregation.

The Sikh organisations passed 11 resolutions at the rally. In one of the resolutions, they appreciated the Canadian government for including four Sikhs in their ministry. They also passed a resolution condemning the attitude of Punjab government against the Sikh organisations.
They demanded that the culprits in sacrilege incidents at Bargari and firing on Sikhs at Behbal Kalan should be punished at the earliest.
Another resolution passed by them was to appeal to the Centre to release all Sikh prisoners at the earliest.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/14/2297

Vaisakhi 2016  PM  David Camerons Message
David Cameron: “Let me wish everyone a wonderful Vaisakhi – and a great year to come.”
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/13/2275

PM Trudeau to offer full apology for 1914 Komagata Maru incident
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says he will offer a full apology for the infamous Komagata Maru incident that has been remembered as an example of Canada’s discriminatory immigration policies in the early 19th century.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/11/2247

What Sukhbir Badal said on demolition of Shabeel at Gurdwara Sis Ganj Sahib
CHANDIGARH: The Shiromani Akali Dal President Mr. Sukhbir Singh Badal today announced holding of protest rallies against AAP Convener and Delhi Chief Minister Mr. Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday April 12th, for anti Punjab stand by AAP government in Supreme Court and his efforts to demolish historical Piao Sahib at Gurdwara Sis Gang Sahib Delhi by using judicial process.
All the leader and workers of the SAD including MPs and MLAs, SGPC members will participate in protest rallies which will be held at district headquarters at 11.00 AM.
In a statement released from the party head office here today, the SAD Secretary and Spokesman and Punjab Education Minister Dr. Daljit Singh Cheema said that the recent act of the Kejriwal government to file affidavit supporting Haryana and strongly opposing the Punjab’s stand on SYL has exposed the anti Punjab stand of Mr. Arvind Kejriwal. By doing so he has betrayed the people of Punjab. He further said that Mr. Kejriwal always resorts to double speak on important issues concerning Punjab. He said that on hand he opposed construction of SYL Canal when he was in Punjab and spoke in favour of water for all when he was in Delhi. But when the came up for hearing before the Supreme Court the Delhi government filed an affidavit favouring Haryana betraying all the Punjabis. “After getting the affidavit filed and bringing everything on record now the blame is being put on the lawyer to befool the public in Kejriwal style,” added Dr Cheema. He wondered How can a lawyer file an affidavit in the court without instructions from the state government ?
On the issue of demolition of historic Piao Sahib at Gurdwara Sisganj Sahib, Dr. Cheema said the AAP Legislator Alka Lamba has claimed credit for dismantling of Piao Sahib and thus has proved that the AAP government was behind the demolition. He said that it was the duty of the state government to bring it to the notice of the court the heritage importance of Piao Sahib. But the way Alka Lamba behaved on social media after the demolition is an ample proof of the thinking and intentions of the government. This act has hurt greatly hurt the sentiments of the Sikhs masses world over and AAP government will have to face the ire of the people in the time to come.
The SAD leader urged the party rank and file to participate in huge numbers in the protest rallies on Tuesady April 12th so as to unmask the double speak of the Kejriwal against the Punjab and Punjabis. He said that it was necessary to expose him publicly who is trying to misguide the people of the country especially of Punjab.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/09/2210

Fight breaks out at Roseville Sikh Gurdwara
Dozens of police officers and other law enforcement were called to a Sikh Gurdwara  in Roseville tonight after a disagreement over Preacher Sarbjit Dhunda became violent. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/09/2206

Demolition of Shabeel and SYL  AAPs Press Conference
MLA Jarnail Singh speaks up on the demolition of Gurdwara Piao at Sis Ganj Sahib. He claimed to expose Akali BJP in his latest video.
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/08/2202

What MLA Jarnail Singh says on Demolition of Piao at Gurdwara Sis Ganj Sahib
A Delhi High Court ordered encroachment demolition drive at Gurdwara Sis Ganj in Chandni Chowk triggered protests Wednesday, even as the BJP blamed the AAP government for it. The demolition of a piao (drinking water booth) was conducted by the BJP-ruled North Delhi Municipal Corporation and Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Corporation (SRDC) under Delhi police security. 
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/07/2174

PTC Report on the Demolition of Shabeel at Gurdwara Sis Ganj Sahib
Sikhs expressed resentment over demolition of a Piao outside Gurdwara Sis Ganj Sahib at Chandni Chowk today. The Piao was demolished during a drive against encroachment launched by the North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC).
Source : http://www.punjabspectrum.news/2016/04/07/2163

